[Automated][azure-resource-manager] Fix doc comment typos in ARM list operation templates (#4432)
Azure/typespec-azure: eng/scripts/doc-updater/knowledge/azure-resource-manager.md

- **Do not include `version` in `@service()`**. Use `@service(#{ title: "..." })` without a `version` parameter. Versioning is handled by the `@versioned` decorator, not `@service`.
- All resource models must use `...ResourceNameParameter<Model>` instead of manual `@key/@segment/@path name: string` patterns.

## Rule Documentation Integrity

- Only create rule documentation files for rules that actually exist in `src/rules/` and are registered in `src/linter.ts`. Never fabricate rule docs for non-existent rules (e.g., `arm-legacy-operations-discourage` was incorrectly documented in a past run and had to be removed).
- When new rules are added to `src/linter.ts`, check whether their rule doc files under `rules/` already exist before creating them. The auto-generated `reference/linter.md` will list them after `pnpm regen-docs`.

## Common Doc Comment Copy-Paste Errors

> - List operation templates (e.g., `ArmListBySubscription`, `ArmResourceListByParent`, `ArmResourceListAtScope`, `ArmListSinglePageBySubscription`, `ArmListSinglePageByParent`) sometimes have `@template Resource the resource being patched` — this should be `the resource being listed`. These are copy-paste errors from patch operation templates.

Author: ```suggestion
- Operation templates (e.g., `ArmListBySubscription`, `ArmResourceListByParent`, `ArmResourceListAtScope`, `ArmListSinglePageBySubscription`, `ArmCustomPatchSync`, `ArmResourceCreateOrReplaceAsync`)`) sometimes have parameter documentation that metions a different operation (e.g.  `@template Resource the resource being patched`) — these documentation strings should match the lifecycle operation being performed, (for example `the resource being listed` for a list operation or `the resource being created` in a create or update operation). These are copy-paste errors from other operation templates.
```
